app/[locale]/page.en.mdx, before:

import headline from './zolplay-headline-illustration.png'
import mantra from './mantra.webp'
import founderTalking from './founder-talking.webp'

<NakedImage src={headline} alt='Zolplay Headline Illustration' priority className='dark:invert-90' />

# A <Gradient>creative studio</Gradient> for people with high standards who care about <Gradient>taste, speed, and outcomes</Gradient>

We've been partnering with <b>high-standard founders</b> to craft <Red>premium, results-driven</Red> brands and digital products that feel true and move the needle.

Zolplay is not an agency. We're your **creative partner**. Embedded, founder‑to‑founder, from concept to launch. We sweat the details so your brand feels right and your product ships right.

<WithFrame>
  <BackgroundVideo src='/vids/banner-art.mp4' aspectRatio='3/1' className='mb-6' />
</WithFrame>

# Our capabilities

At Zolplay, we’re an integrated studio built for what’s next.

Wherever you’re starting, we align the pieces and take your vision from **first impression** to **shipped results**. Always ready for visionaries like you.

We solve challenges at 3 zoom levels—**Brand**, **Product**, and **Growth**—so ideas move from spark to scale with no handoffs.

<CTAButton href='/services'>Explore our services</CTAButton>

---

# Trusted by teams of all sizes

Ambitious brands across the world teamed up with us to elevate their design presence. Together, we've helped our partners raise more than **$5 million** to accelerate their growth.

<PartnerLogoWall />

<CTAButton href='/work'>See our past work</CTAButton>

<WithFrame>
  <BackgroundVideo src='/vids/partner-logos.mp4' aspectRatio='16/9' className='my-6' />
</WithFrame>

# Design bold. Ship gold

Our mantra: <Gradient>Design bold. Ship gold.</Gradient>

AI made shipping fast; design makes you **unforgettable**. We collabed with ambitious teams and catapulted products from functional to beloved—work that wins users, moves metrics, and turns heads. In an AI-saturated market, design is the **ultimate differentiator.**

We obsess over the details that change behavior—clarity, emotion, flow. While others ship features, we craft experiences. If you’re serious about standing out, lead with design and ship with confidence.

<Image src={mantra} alt='Mantra: design bold, ship gold.' />

<CTAButton href='/pricing'>Start your project today</CTAButton>

---

# Built in public, together

We care deeply about building communities. That's why we hosted developer hangouts at select venues for people to **connect and inspire**. Lightning talks, live prototyping, and fun conversations that turn into collaborations the moment laptops closed.

<Image src={founderTalking} alt='Founder talking' />

<Gradient>Craft should feel good in your hands</Gradient>, we surprised our friends and supporters with limited swag
drops and even opened up a tiny merch shop stocked with clothes, bags and gadgets that are designed to be kept, not
tossed.

<WithFrame>
  <BackgroundVideo src='/vids/hangouts-reel.mp4' aspectRatio='4/3' />
</WithFrame>

<WithFrame>
  <BackgroundVideo src='/vids/swag-shop-reel.mp4' aspectRatio='16/9' />
</WithFrame>

Commit message:

refactor: update terminology and improve localization
- Change references from "creative studio" to "design studio" across multiple locales for consistency.
- Update metadata in message catalogs to reflect the new branding.
- Adjust middleware matcher to include new file exclusions.
- Remove outdated image files and update image imports to use .jpg format for better compatibility.

app/[locale]/page.en.mdx, after:

import headline from './zolplay-headline-illustration.png'
import mantra from './mantra.webp'
import founderTalking from './founder-talking.webp'

<NakedImage src={headline} alt='Zolplay Headline Illustration' priority className='dark:invert-90' />

# A <Gradient>design studio</Gradient> for people with high standards who care about <Gradient>taste, speed, and outcomes</Gradient>

Based in Shenzhen, China. We've been building products, brands, and digital experiences since 2021.

We've been partnering with <b>high-standard founders</b> to craft <Red>premium, results-driven</Red> brands and digital products that feel true and move the needle.

Zolplay is not an agency. We're your **design partner**. Embedded, founder‑to‑founder, from concept to launch. We sweat the details so your brand feels right and your product ships right.

<WithFrame>
  <BackgroundVideo src='/vids/banner-art.mp4' aspectRatio='3/1' className='mb-6' />
</WithFrame>

# Our capabilities

At Zolplay, we’re an integrated design studio built for what’s next.

Wherever you’re starting, we align the pieces and take your vision from **first impression** to **shipped results**. Always ready for visionaries like you.

We solve challenges at 3 zoom levels—**Brand**, **Product**, and **Growth**—so ideas move from spark to scale with no handoffs.

<CTAButton href='/services'>Explore our services</CTAButton>

---

# Trusted by teams of all sizes

Ambitious brands across the world teamed up with us to elevate their design presence. Together, we've helped our partners raise more than **$5 million** to accelerate their growth.

<PartnerLogoWall />

<CTAButton href='/work'>See our past work</CTAButton>

<WithFrame>
  <BackgroundVideo src='/vids/partner-logos.mp4' aspectRatio='16/9' className='my-6' />
</WithFrame>

# Design bold. Ship gold

Our mantra: <Gradient>Design bold. Ship gold.</Gradient>

AI made shipping fast; design makes you **unforgettable**. We collabed with ambitious teams and catapulted products from functional to beloved—work that wins users, moves metrics, and turns heads. In an AI-saturated market, design is the **ultimate differentiator.**

We obsess over the details that change behavior—clarity, emotion, flow. While others ship features, we craft experiences. If you’re serious about standing out, lead with design and ship with confidence.

<Image src={mantra} alt='Mantra: design bold, ship gold.' />

<CTAButton href='/pricing'>Start your project today</CTAButton>

---

# Built in public, together

We care deeply about building communities. That's why we hosted developer hangouts at select venues for people to **connect and inspire**. Lightning talks, live prototyping, and fun conversations that turn into collaborations the moment laptops closed.

<Image src={founderTalking} alt='Founder talking' />

<Gradient>Craft should feel good in your hands</Gradient>, we surprised our friends and supporters with limited swag
drops and even opened up a tiny merch shop stocked with clothes, bags and gadgets that are designed to be kept, not
tossed.

<WithFrame>
  <BackgroundVideo src='/vids/hangouts-reel.mp4' aspectRatio='4/3' />
</WithFrame>

<WithFrame>
  <BackgroundVideo src='/vids/swag-shop-reel.mp4' aspectRatio='16/9' />
</WithFrame>
